Create Meeting 138.md (#529)
ethereum/pm: AllCoreDevs-Meetings/Meeting 138.md

# AllCoreDevs Meeting 138

> ### Meeting Date/Time: May 123, 2022, 14:00 UTC

Reviewer: "May 123, 2022" -> "May 13, 2022"

Exactly and the question then would be if we have a really large beacon chain for Sepolia, that means client teams have to now run two times a decent number of validators and have no idea how open they are to them. 

**Danny** ([23:03](https://youtu.be/BFxkGdPv4F8?t=1383))
Yeah to answer your question…, I mean I think most client types can handle thousands of validators per node. I don't know I mean you can also throw more resources in a node and handle lots of validators for now so I don't, we don't have to spread them necessarily too widely, I don't think it looks much different than what you would do on prater today.

**Pari** ([23:31](https://youtu.be/BFxkGdPv4F8?t=1411))
Yeah definitely it wouldn't be that different from what we have from prater today.

**Tim** ([23:38](https://youtu.be/BFxkGdPv4F8?t=1418))
Given we have Afri on the call and you came on Afr a few weeks ago to talk about the issues around Goerli ether, do you have any thoughts, about like if we should keep prater / Goerli as the large beacon chain, if that negatively like affects Goerli in other ways, yeah.

**Afr** ([24:06](https://youtu.be/BFxkGdPv4F8?t=1446))

> Yeah, sure. I mean Goerli and prater is already fairly big, it has a lot of users and it has a lot of validators. Sepolia is kind of still very unknown, so there's no we don't have a beacon chain yet and we don't have many users building on Sepolia yet, naturally. We have to keep in mind that we are duplicating a lot of

Reviewer 2: deprecating

```suggestion
Yeah, sure. I mean Goerli and Prater are already fairly big, it has a lot of users and it has a lot of validators. Sepolia is kind of still very unknown, so there we don't have a beacon chain yet and we don't have many users building on Sepolia yet, naturally. We have to keep in mind that we are deprecating a lot of
```

**Andrew** ([1:19:25](https://youtu.be/BFxkGdPv4F8?t=4765))
Yeah, its fine.

**Tim** ([1:19:25](https://youtu.be/BFxkGdPv4F8?t=4765))
Okay. Marek? Lukasz? Okay. And so, thank you Afr for the palindrome, , which I was too tired to recognize and so I’ll copy paste it here, also I’ll just share it in all core devs right now, so consider this the TTD value, I'll make it a proper upgrade to the Shanghai spec in the execution repo, and the thing that clients on the cl side need to figure out in the next week is basically the slot heights for, well basically the genesis for the beacon chain, and then the slot heights for Altair and Bellatrix based on this. Does that make sense?

**Marius**
Yes.

**Tim** ([1:20:29](https://youtu.be/BFxkGdPv4F8?t=4829))
Okay thank you Marius. Okay. So there's three people who wanted to discuss EIPs that are on the call. I doubt we can get through all of them, but if we stay on an additional five minutes, we can give them each five minutes, yeah so first up, Felix, you had EIP 44938. 

**Felix**([1:21:03](https://youtu.be/BFxkGdPv4F8?t=4863))

> Yes. So and this can be really quick, so this isn't already like pre-agreed. I just wanted to let you guys know that for formal reasons, we are pursuing this EIP, the EIP 4938 is about removing the Geth Node data message from the Geth wire protocol, and we have discussed this extensively with all client teams that we are aware of, that we want to make this change in Geth, and we have been wanting to make this change in Geth for a very long time, and I can only really repeat what is in the EIP. We are set on making this change, because it will allow us to for example restructure our database to not store all of the tri nodes, for example by their hashes and we do provide an alternative to this protocol message in the snap protocol, and all of the existing users of Geth node data can be replaced by the messages in the snap protocol, so it is not but so can we just very quickly, can I just very quickly get from the client implementer some signal that this is okay.

Reviewer 3: I think what I said here is, it **is** pre-agreed. Also, the EIP is about removing the **GetNodeData** message from the **eth** wire protocol.
